com/example/helpinghand/databinding/ActivityMapsBinding.java
 com.example.helpinghand.databinding.ActivityMapsBinding
com/example/helpinghand/databinding/UploadPhotoBinding.java
 com.example.helpinghand.databinding.UploadPhotoBinding
com/example/helpinghand/databinding/HelpersBinding.java
 com.example.helpinghand.databinding.HelpersBinding
com/example/helpinghand/RegisterSuccessful.java
 com.example.helpinghand.RegisterSuccessful
com/example/helpinghand/model/MessageAdapter.java
 com.example.helpinghand.model.MessageAdapter
com/example/helpinghand/helpers/API.java
 com.example.helpinghand.helpers.API
com/example/helpinghand/model/User.java
 com.example.helpinghand.model.User
com/example/helpinghand/databinding/ProfileBinding.java
 com.example.helpinghand.databinding.ProfileBinding
com/example/helpinghand/ChangeGroup.java
 com.example.helpinghand.ChangeGroup
com/example/helpinghand/HomeHelpers.java
 com.example.helpinghand.HomeHelpers
com/example/helpinghand/MainActivity.java
 com.example.helpinghand.MainActivity
com/example/helpinghand/databinding/NavigationHeaderBinding.java
 com.example.helpinghand.databinding.NavigationHeaderBinding
com/example/helpinghand/helpers/UserLoginCache.java
 com.example.helpinghand.helpers.UserLoginCache
com/example/helpinghand/helpers/RetrofitClient.java
 com.example.helpinghand.helpers.RetrofitClient
com/example/helpinghand/ProfileUpdate.java
 com.example.helpinghand.ProfileUpdate
com/example/helpinghand/databinding/ProfileChangeGroupBinding.java
 com.example.helpinghand.databinding.ProfileChangeGroupBinding
com/example/helpinghand/databinding/ActivityChannelBinding.java
 com.example.helpinghand.databinding.ActivityChannelBinding
com/example/helpinghand/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.helpinghand.BuildConfig
com/example/helpinghand/Register.java
 com.example.helpinghand.Register
com/example/helpinghand/databinding/HomeHelpersBinding.java
 com.example.helpinghand.databinding.HomeHelpersBinding
com/example/helpinghand/databinding/NavbarBinding.java
 com.example.helpinghand.databinding.NavbarBinding
com/example/helpinghand/databinding/MyMessageBinding.java
 com.example.helpinghand.databinding.MyMessageBinding
com/example/helpinghand/databinding/HomePageBinding.java
 com.example.helpinghand.databinding.HomePageBinding
com/example/helpinghand/databinding/LoginBinding.java
 com.example.helpinghand.databinding.LoginBinding
com/example/helpinghand/databinding/TestBinding.java
 com.example.helpinghand.databinding.TestBinding
com/example/helpinghand/databinding/ChatBinding.java
 com.example.helpinghand.databinding.ChatBinding
com/example/helpinghand/databinding/RegisterBinding.java
 com.example.helpinghand.databinding.RegisterBinding
com/example/helpinghand/databinding/TheirMessageBinding.java
 com.example.helpinghand.databinding.TheirMessageBinding
com/example/helpinghand/databinding/HomeInNeedBinding.java
 com.example.helpinghand.databinding.HomeInNeedBinding
com/example/helpinghand/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.example.helpinghand.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
com/example/helpinghand/databinding/RegisterSuccessfulBinding.java
 com.example.helpinghand.databinding.RegisterSuccessfulBinding
com/example/helpinghand/Profile.java
 com.example.helpinghand.Profile
com/example/helpinghand/databinding/PasswordChangeBinding.java
 com.example.helpinghand.databinding.PasswordChangeBinding
com/example/helpinghand/UploadPhoto.java
 com.example.helpinghand.UploadPhoto
com/example/helpinghand/HomePage.java
 com.example.helpinghand.HomePage
com/example/helpinghand/PasswordChange.java
 com.example.helpinghand.PasswordChange
com/example/helpinghand/model/Image.java
 com.example.helpinghand.model.Image
com/example/helpinghand/databinding/ProfileUpdateBinding.java
 com.example.helpinghand.databinding.ProfileUpdateBinding
com/example/helpinghand/model/MemberData.java
 com.example.helpinghand.model.MemberData
com/example/helpinghand/MapsActivity.java
 com.example.helpinghand.MapsActivity
 com.example.helpinghand.MapsActivity$1
com/example/helpinghand/databinding/ContactBinding.java
 com.example.helpinghand.databinding.ContactBinding
com/example/helpinghand/helpers/Validation.java
 com.example.helpinghand.helpers.Validation
com/example/helpinghand/Test.java
 com.example.helpinghand.Test
com/example/helpinghand/database/Database.java
 com.example.helpinghand.database.Database
com/example/helpinghand/Login.java
 com.example.helpinghand.Login
com/example/helpinghand/model/Message.java
 com.example.helpinghand.model.Message
com/example/helpinghand/ChannelActivity.java
 com.example.helpinghand.model.ChannelActivity
 com.example.helpinghand.model.ChannelActivity$1
com/example/helpinghand/Chat.java
 com.example.helpinghand.Chat
com/example/helpinghand/HomeInNeed.java
 com.example.helpinghand.HomeInNeed
com/example/helpinghand/Contact.java
 com.example.helpinghand.Contact
